Astro CLI 1.2 docs (#855)
astronomer/docs: software_versioned_docs/version-0.26/cli-reference.md

If you have Homebrew installed, run:

```sh
brew install astro@0.25
```

### Install with cURL

To install the latest version of the Astronomer CLI, run:

```
curl -sSL https://install.astronomer.io | sudo bash -- v0.25.2
```

#### Install the CLI on macOS Catalina+:

> As of macOS Catalina, Apple [replaced bash with ZSH](https://www.theverge.com/2019/6/4/18651872/apple-macos-catalina-zsh-bash-shell-replacement-features) as the default shell. Our CLI install cURL command currently presents an incompatibility error with ZSH, sudo and the pipe syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of macOS Catalina, Apple [replaced bash with ZSH](https://www.theverge.com/2019/6/4/18651872/apple-macos-catalina-zsh-bash-shell-replacement-features) as the default shell. Currently, the Astronomer CLI install cURL command returns an incompatibility error with ZSH, sudo, and the pipe syntax.
```

curl -sSL https://install.astronomer.io | sudo bash -s < /dev/null
```

#### Install the CLI on Apple M1 Machines

> To install the Astronomer CLI on a machine with an [Apple M1 chip](https://www.apple.com/newsroom/2020/11/apple-unleashes-m1/), you must use Homebrew. Because the Astronomer CLI does not yet have an ARM64 build, installing it via Homebrew on a machine with an Apple M1 chip requires a few additional steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the Astronomer CLI on a computer with an [Apple M1 chip](https://www.apple.com/newsroom/2020/11/apple-unleashes-m1/), you must use Homebrew. The Astronomer CLI doesn't include an ARM64 build, and you'll need to use the following procedure to install it with Homebrew on a computer with an Apple M1 chip:
```

```sh
sudo curl -sSL https://install.astronomer.io | sudo bash -s
```

> Because the Astronomer CLI does not yet have an ARM64 build, installing it via Homebrew on a machine with an Apple M1 chip requires a few additional steps. If you prefer to use Homebrew for installation:

Reviewer: Should this sentence and the previous command be removed?

1. Run the following command to install the x86_64 version of Homebrew:

    ```sh
    arch -x86_64 /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
    ```

2. Confirm that the script successfully installed Homebrew on `/usr/local`.
3. Run the following command to install the Astronomer CLI:

    ```sh
    arch -x86_64 /usr/local/Homebrew/bin/brew install astro@0.25
    ```

If you still have issues during installation, ensure that [Rosetta 2](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT211861) is installed on your machine and try again.

> ### Confirm the install

Reviewer: You're mixing sentence and title case. Use one style consistently.
